Add docs for future assume time on access requests (#35555)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-requests/access-request-configuration.mdx

   earlier, whichever is shorter. Otherwise, set the duration of elevated
   privileges to the session TTL.

### Setting when the elevated privileges can be assumed

> When creating or reviewing access requests the earliest time the elevated privileges
> can be set using the `--assume-start-time` flag. This flag is available for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating or reviewing access requests, you can specify the earliest time
at which the elevated privileges can be assumed using the `--assume-start-time`
flag. This flag is available for the
```

[`tsh request create`](../../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-request-create) and [`tsh request
review`](../../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-request-review) commands. The format accepted

> is RFC3339 e.g `2023-12-12T23:20:50.52Z`

Reviewer: Do we require people to specify fractional seconds, or is `2023-12-12T23:23:50Z` also valid?

Author: Anything accepted by RFC3339 should be accepted

   earlier, whichever is shorter. Otherwise, set the duration of elevated
   privileges to the session TTL.

> ### Setting when the elevated privileges can be assumed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Setting when users can assume elevated privileges
```
Removing passive voice

> When creating or reviewing access requests, you can specify the earliest time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating or reviewing Access Requests, you can specify the earliest time
```
To be consistent with the language in the rest of the page

> at which the elevated privileges can be assumed using the `--assume-start-time`
> flag. This flag is available for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that a user can assume elevated privileges by using the `--assume-start-time`
flag. This flag is available for the
```

Removing unnecessary passive voice

> ### Setting when the elevated privileges can be assumed
> 
> When creating or reviewing access requests, you can specify the earliest time
> at which the elevated privileges can be assumed using the `--assume-start-time`
> flag. This flag is available for the
> [`tsh request create`](../../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-request-create) and [`tsh request
> review`](../../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-request-review) commands. The format accepted
> is RFC3339 e.g `2023-12-12T23:20:50.52Z`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Setting when the elevated privileges can be assumed

When creating or reviewing access requests, you can specify the earliest time
at which the elevated privileges can be assumed using the `--assume-start-time`
flag. This flag is available for the
[`tsh request create`](../../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-request-create) and [`tsh request
review`](../../reference/cli/tsh.mdx#tsh-request-review) commands. The format accepted
is defined in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339), e.g, `2023-12-12T23:20:50.52Z`.
```
